Storm. Yeah. Yup.
No, I wanted too. We want to just there's no time like still
activities.
Cover is always, so much like performances to do here.
And so right now...
I, in December last semester was I don't know which is a little crazy
last semester is a little crazier with a lot of performances,
but this year, there's um
I had to take a lot of videos to submit to, um...
a competition and one school.
Because so I'm applying to a school one year
early.
In that school, it doesn't require a high school diploma to apply. Coz
Everywhere else does, so that's why, so...
No.
I have to do my homework. Academics.
uh I guess yes, I think I go to this thing called like options
for years.
and
Yeah, so... So, yeah.
Yeah, it's it's not exactly is
self-paced but it's easy to like push everything
Like not do it, not do it. But...
It's hard because as much as I want to practice, I actually need to take part of it.
Three hours doing homework, which is a lot.
But I just have to. And just like
That is like always like fighting in my mind. Please
I just think...
It takes up a lot of time in my day if I go to school.
I do miss like people just like hanging out with like normal people
because yeah people who aren't like position
Yeah, it's pretty nice.
Yeah, and I feel like...
We, is like really serious
You know, serious musicians who like, you know, want to pursue music.
To some extent, we've thought a lot in life.
Like search, research, not research, not research.
just thought about about like ourselves and
other people and how to like, you know, be a human.
Um I think it's...
Yeah.
Right now
chamber  music, like playing by music people but
thing about that is like there's a harsh reality that
It's a hard life. I mean, it's not like you're not getting there's no
Place to be where you'll have constant concerts.
or something, as a string quartet.
Even as a soloist, that's also hard but
So basically forming a team group is like also the same as trying to be a soloist
And... So maybe first first
Get an orchestra job? Yeah.
Go to school, but go to school for a while
Just see a lot of people while you can, go to places while you can.
While you're at school.
Yeah. Yeah.
There's this place called the Kronberg Academy.
Kronborg is like right now like the best school ever in the whole world right now
and
Kronberg Germany. Germany, yeah.
There's also, you know, Vienna
that's also like the place for classical music, and
I've never been there. No.
Never in Europe.
No....
So, that's why I went in
I know. No, no, no. Like, when you announced them, um...
And my mom went out and I were supposed to go.
And then we never were able to reuse the...
So... it's.... yeah.
And then since the pandemic I became a little busy and like just
Maybe after...
maybe like a senior summer, me
Maybe, but also in the summer I want to go back to Philadelphia.
So, I don't know, I don't know.
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
No, not really. Not really.
but I think
The beauty out was really good in that that was a place where like
It sparked like my musical interest. I kind of had...
I was really, really lucky to like have a good experience there.
Like, and that made me like...
Maybe I can like keep on doing this.
And maybe I can like actually work hard, like I...